# Ask the Herb Doctor: May 2022 KMUD

**Date:** 5/19/2022  
**Duration:** 0 minutes  
**Generated:** 8/28/2025  
**Audio URL:** [Link](https://www.toxinless.com/kmud-220520.mp3)
**Transcription Provider:** assemblyai

---

## Transcript

[Speaker A]: Expressed throughout the broadcast day are those of the speakers and not necessarily those of the station staff, underwriters or volunteers and where we thank you very much for choosing to listen to us in this crowded media landscape.

[Speaker B]: Nothing like you.

[Speaker A]: Ooh ooh ooh. I know a whole bunch of people are tuning in right now from literally around the world, certainly around the nation to hear Ask your Herb doctor. And they all missed those, those occasional listeners missed that our fun drive was a couple weeks ago. And and I know you people tuning in from far away realize what a true gem Redwood Community Radio is and unlike any other radio in your neighborhood, which is why you are choosing to listen to us right now. So please do in the spirit of the freedom of speech that we afford to the Herb Doctor to get this information out there that you support Redwood Community Radio by on the website clicking the big blue Donate here button and most importantly, by telling four friends about it far away and getting them to listen and getting each of them to get four friends to listen and tell four friends to listen etc etc etc and hopefully a couple of them will kick down a little spot of change too. And if you want to be an underwriter, you can underwrite because you know everybody is listening right now. Speaking of underwriting, support for the Herb Doctor comes from Tony Jones, who provides Nia Zii, I think, sorry, Nia Zii Healing, a hands on healing philosophy where together Toni and her client can explore old patterns and beliefs that no longer serve. Once empowered with new perspectives, different choices can be made moving towards a life that's truly desired. Contact Tony Jones at 707-223-2724 for further information or to schedule an appointment. It's time for ask your herb doctor.

[Speaker B]: Well, welcome to this month's May 2022 edition of Ask your Herb Doctor. My name's Andrew Murray. Sarah's not joining us this evening. She's got other plans, but next month she'll be back to joining us in the show. It's such a beautiful drive in this evening. I just got to say this to folks, especially those folks that live around this area in Garberville and Humboldt County. Yeah, it's a beautiful spring evening, warm and clear and bright and lots of hope now that we've had 14 inches of rain. Though I did hear the fire warnings. Not too sure about the early fire. Okay, so a beautiful evening and next month, June, lo and behold, we'll be already at the solstice and so enjoy the day's lengthening. A beautiful light evening and we'll Continue to go that way for another month or so. So once again we're running the show. Ask your herb doctor. Again, we're very pleased to have Dr. Raymond Peet join us with his expertise. And as always, from 7:30 until the end of the show at 8:00', clock, you're invited to call in with questions. And the number is 707-923-3911. Once again, 707 area code 923-3911. And I just want to say that I have been contacted specifically to request that there are apparently a group of people out there who actually do not like to talk, posing questions actually face to face, as it were, but would rather leave the questions with the engineer and have also asked whether or not there was any way of communicating other than by being on air live. So if anybody has any questions and they want to pose them to the engineer, then the engineer can pass them on to me. And I see he's pushed his.

[Speaker A]: This engineer really doesn't like that because people end up saying you didn't ask the question.

[Speaker C]: Right.

[Speaker A]: And wanting to call back and argue with engineers. So my rule is I will do that or they want to say something really inflammatory. And so my personal role as an engineer, which I've tried to train other engineers, it's a good idea to say I will repeat five non inflammatory words. If you can say a five word question, then I will do that because otherwise everybody, they call back and they want this and I didn't get understand their question. Right.

[Speaker B]: Okay. I didn't understand, I didn't understand the boiling sentiment underneath that.

[Speaker A]: Okay, so I've always been. Well on your show, I generally don't because you always ask the name and where they're calling for. So I understand that you want to have that more personal connection with your people, but I'm more than happy to do five words.

[Speaker B]: Sure. Okay. Whoever's listening who doesn't want to speak and has got a succinct question they can put to the engineer in five simple words, that would be awesome.

[Speaker A]: And like the and of and stuff, you know, we don't worry about that.

[Speaker B]: Right.

[Speaker A]: Okay.

[Speaker B]: So small, little, small little words don't count, folks.

[Speaker D]: Okay.

[Speaker B]: All right, so once again now we're joined by Dr. Raymond Pete. I've got an intro that I'm going to read. I'm going to read after we've got Dr. Pete on the air. Dr. Pete, are you with us?

[Speaker D]: Yes.

[Speaker B]: Okay, thanks so much for joining us as always. And as always for those people who Perhaps have never heard of you before and don't know anything about you. Would you please outline your professional and scientific background so people know how and where you're coming from?

[Speaker D]: In the 50s and 60s, I was working in humanities, literature, painting, philosophy. And my interest in how consciousness works led me to decide to understand language and art would help to understand what the brain is and how the brain is conscious. And so I went back to graduate School in 1968, University of Oregon, intending to concentrate on brain studies. But I found that they were the department working on the brain was extremely dogmatic. And so I looked around and found that the other end of the organism, the reproductive system, the professors in that area were actually scientific and didn't throw out data just because it didn't agree with the dogma. And so I did my dissertation on the oxidative aging process as it relates to the reproductive system. And it turned out that that gives a very interesting background to things such as how the brain works, which is a theme that was existing in biology 100 years ago. How electrons and biological energy power perceptions and consciousness, but had been squeezed out already. Right from early years of science, the corporations were squeezing out the freely exploring researchers and subsidizing people who would work for their corporate interests.

[Speaker B]: There we go. Okay, thanks for that. I wanted to. I guess we'll open up the dialogue. I just wanted to back up a little from last month. Now, again, it's always espoused at the beginning of the show that the views and opinions offered by the speakers are those of the speaker and not of the radio show. So let's get that back out there again. And we've been since the very beginning of 2020, skeptical, to say the least, of the organization and or rollout of what's become the COVID pandemic. And what I think at this point in time has fizzled into a non event. At this point, we are by all accounts seemingly over what was forecast in the beginning. But obviously you and I and many other people, especially other notable scientists. I'm not saying I'm a notable scientist, but definitely somebody who's looking at data and questioning and reasoning and using science and looking at all sides of an argument to come to a valid and level judgment about what is and what isn't. Something that seemed to be perpetuated during this quote unquote pandemic was the mass formation psychosis of the mindset of the population. This is not just a national, this is international worldwide psychosis that I think can be only described as such that the directives, and we'll call them directives, not orders, but call the directives and the guidance, we'll call it guidance and not demands, but given by governments, health organizations and vested interests who, quote, unquote, have authority over us. And there's another sec. Another subject about the current administration giving our parts of our national sovereignty, sovereignty, sovereignty away to the World Health Organization and the United nations, which is, quote, unquote, very alarming because they essentially will have control over any pandemic and the American policy towards a pandemic. And so that's pretty scary, folks. We believe that this nation is one nation under God and we have a constitution and a bill of rights, et cetera, and we are self determinant. But apparently just the other day, Joe Biden signed this thing, which essentially is the beginning of what would be giving over these rights to the United nations, for crying out loud. Okay, so it's the United nations who have perpetuated most of what's happened during this COVID pandemic, which pretty much centered, at least in the early days, days for sure, around Europe and Europe's response to the COVID infection and outbreak. Obviously, we've talked at length about the origins of it, and it's very questionable. And we've also talked about the actual numbers of deaths. And it's actually very close to a normal influenza season. There's really actually no data to show that it's significantly higher. But yet the rhetoric has continued again and again and again that this is something completely alarming and has to be taken control of and lockdowns and face masks and social isolation and everything that's gone on with it has definitely espoused what the World Economic Forum and Klaus Schwab and his minions have been working at here, really, I guess, actually. And we'll talk about technocracy as well later, since the 1930s. And the subject of transhumanism is going to be my question to you. But I just wanted to bring out again, as a kind of preface wrap up from last month, mass formation, psychosis. And so this essentially in the beginning took the form of the vaccine narrative and the imperative that governments knew best and were the arbiters of truth. Dissenting scientists were vilified or canceled, which is very popular in today's culture by the masters of the universe that we hear about, the technocrats and the media groups and vested individuals who seem to have a lot of sway, especially through social media, over the masses like never before. And the totalian totalitarians amongst them, veiled in this social media esque, cuddly and cute thought police would monitor what you said and would basically strike you out or cancel you if you were saying things that they didn't like or agree. And also the sanctioning of free speech and the right to self determination. Again I mentioned this is enshrined in our constitution in law. And the law is how the subject that I'm going to go on to which was Reiner Fumisch his legal campaign, which if you let me give you the. Let me give you the website for which there's a huge amount of superb, chronically, chronologically, rather documented allegations backed by science. The website is. And then pandemicparallaxview it goes on lawsuits c19 4-claims HTML but that should get you there. So radical.org pandemic parallax view lawsuits so since the beginning of the early. Since early 2020 when I mentioned that a lot of what was coming out in the media was definitely hysterical and there were lots of ER doctors that were just saying this was just so unusual. And this was during the whole ventilator tragedy in the beginning there were many good ER doctors saying people were just dying en masse on Ventil. This was not a usual lung disease they were looking at. It did not fit the usual pattern, blah blah blah. And we talked about how people were killed on ventilators, especially if they were given remdesivir during their treatment, which is still used incredibly. And that the basis for all of the startling and scaremongering directives and orders not to do and not to be with and to be locked down and wear masks and fear rolled out. In 2020, Rhinoformic started law suit with many other legal experts as well as doctors and other medical people who were also looking at the data and saying what is going on? This is. Does not make sense. So they formed a collective and they called this collective the German Corona Commission. And this commission essentially gathered steam and. And got more and more scientists on board who were skeptical. What was being seen did not make sense. And there is on that website that I just gave you the URL for a huge chronological list of everything pretty much has gone on. I couldn't believe how much information was on there. We talk about the age of information and the dissemination thereof and obviously we're going to get into the controlling the narrative side of information and disinformation. I mean of course, who wants to hear lies and deceit, etc. We want the truth. I mean all of us do. I'm sure. So looking at the subject of transhumanism from Klaus Schwab's own words, talking about people will own nothing and be happy. And that what we're seeing now, especially looking just looking at the stock market having its worst successive eight week loss, it's almost approaching the 1930s collapse of Wall street is actually on a week by week performance basis, it's getting very close to that. Even though no one is actually talking about a collapse of the economy as yet. They are starting to talk about a recession folks. But we've known it at least for the last year and a half or two years, even since the beginning of COVID And seeing this as just another scapegoat for the Great Reset, which was part of Klaus Schwab's World Economic Forum debate, saying that these people, these vested interests of which nearly all of it is private entities and corporations that are huge, that have the ownership of much of what we take for granted, want to steer humanity in a certain way. And so when I looked at technocracy and I looked at transhumanism and I looked at the background of it from the 30s until now, it's like, wow, it kind of totally makes sense that obviously governments want a control over their population. They don't want too many people thinking outside the box or thinking freely. And it's in their interest through whatever means. And it's become a technological technocratic means that they now have vast amounts of data and algorithms that are used to tell exactly what you like, what you don't like, what you will buy, what you won't buy, and where your probably your political background or beliefs and ideals are with a pretty good degree of accuracy. If you're on social media and you post all this stuff, the algorithms can figure it all out quite well. It's not rocket science, but they've deployed it against us. And so for that very reason I've never signed on to social media. Not tooting my horn or anything, but I from the beginning I never liked the idea of it. So back in 2002 and 3 and 4, when YouTube was gaining steam, you know, people were getting on Facebook and stuff, I never, never looked at it as something that to be encouraged. So Dr. Pete, transhumanism, there's this premise that biological evolution will be overtaken by genetic wearable and implantable or injectable technologies that artificially expedite the evolutionary process called the Great Reset. What are your thoughts on this? I know you have mentioned snippets here and there about where you Feel your opinion of this, but what's your.

[Speaker D]: In the 1940s and 50s, I knew people who had become convinced members of Technocracy Incorporated and the stock market that you mentioned, that has been one of the techniques to take over assets of the world. Every time the value of the stock collapses, suddenly small investors are the ones who get killed by it and the big giant corporations get bigger. And so it's like a ratchet to shake loose the bulk of the investors in stock and constantly refine the ownership to a smaller and smaller group. And the people who were injured by the starvation, even the extreme breakdown of the economy in 1930, people with good intentions said, well, the corporate engineers know what needs to be done. And so if we turn the operation of the economy over to scientists and engineers, they will make sure that we don't have these collapses. Except that the scientists and engineers are working for the big corporations that engineer the collapse. So these people were well meaning but very gullible. They would have caravans across the country in the 30s, 40s and 50s. They drove gray cars with a yin yang symbol on the doors and attracted lots of attention. But they were really just a minor sign of what was really going on with the shakedown of ownership, concentrating more and more the control over society. The corporations, right from the very beginning, the first generations of scientists in the 17th and 18th centuries were of the ruling class, basically people who had leisure money to do their own research. But then by the 19th century, the corporations were taking control and 1950 was really a turning point when the government came right out and said that big science is the only science and government has to direct, finance and control big science. So there hasn't been any pretense of science being a free enterprise thing anymore. The journals and universities were absolutely taken over by the funding of giant corporations and the government funding agencies.

[Speaker B]: So looking at the definition again, and I think this again is the language folks, I think the direction of the language and the confusion is a tool.

[Speaker D]: The.

[Speaker B]: When I looked at Technocracy earlier on, they couch this in terms of the green economy, sustainable development. Well, I hear sustainable development all over Humboldt county and I have done for quite a while. I'm not saying it's bad. I'm saying that the interpretation of the green economy and sustainable development doesn't seem to upset anybody. It sounds like a good thing. I mean, why wouldn't you want development to be sustainable rather than unsustainable? And why wouldn't you want green over black as a kind of means? You know, I agree Totally with the fossil fuel, you know, the abolition of fossil fuel in favor of better, greener, less poisoning, polluting things. Of course I do. And I like the idea of sustainable development over completely exploited and unsustainable raping of our natural resources. Of course, I mean that's an absolute no brainer. But in terms of the technocracy and these terms green economy and sustainable development, it's actually a very different picture that is being foisted on the nations of the world. If the World Economic Forum get their way, if transhumanism comes to pass, if people don't wake up from what they've been subjected to, if they're not made aware of the actual end game of what this is all about, where it's going, it's going to be almost too late for a lot of people.

[Speaker D]: The way they manipulate science is in the background. And so it involves selling of an ideology to the general population which justifies a reductionist view of biology and evolution. The intelligence of organism of development has been made to seem ridiculous and ruled out of science. The background includes philosophy of logic, how the brain and logic are contributing to truth in science. They had to get at the very essence of mind and intelligence and rule out intelligence from science in favor of randomness as being the key to everything. Evolution supposedly is a matter of infinite random events. And when you look at how that really works, it is a degrading process, not an advancing process. And people like Barbara McClintock, who in the 1940s and 50s showed that a plant, corn, was her particular material, that plants use intelligence, intelligent modification of their own genes to improve their situation. And that actual objective scientific work ruled her out of the functional world of science. She wasn't invited to conferences, her papers weren't published. And so from the 1950s for several decades she was non existent in the world of evolution, genes and the concept of what an organism is. But then Monsanto was being criticized for making new organisms, seeds that they could control to sell their roundup, various forms of insecticide and weed control that their plants could endure. People were criticizing that as a very dangerous process. And in the universities, I was at the University of Oregon at that time and essentially all of the professors went along with genetic engineering will be done by smart people like them and so nothing could go wrong.

[Speaker B]: Let me hold your thought there, Dr. Pete. So Ascarev, Dr. Kamie D. Garberville 91.1 FM from now and we have a caller from now until the end of the show, 8 o', clock, you're invited to call in the questions. The number 707-923-3911. I wanted to say one last thing before we take this next call, that the whole point of transhumanism as an evolution through intelligent design relies on intelligent design, folks. And the MRNA vaccine rollout has been anything but intelligent. And we'll get into that after this. Caller. So, caller, you're on the air. Where are you from? What's your question?

[Speaker A]: They just had less than five words.

[Speaker B]: Oh, okay, go ahead.

[Speaker A]: A very good germane one. Please define transhumanism.

[Speaker B]: Right. So, okay, so as I said at the beginning here, it's the premise that biological evolution will be overtaken by genetic, wearable and implantable or injectable folks, technologies that artificially expedite the evolutionary process. So this is transhumanism, where ultimately you hear about Elon Musk going on about chips, implantable chips in the brain that will be. They'll make you a better person, folks, because. Because we're not created well enough. So I think we have another caller. Caller? Yeah, caller, you're on the air. Where are you from and what's your question?

[Speaker C]: Yeah, I'm from Los Angeles, so I wanted to explain as quick as possible, and let's see if you guys understand me. So my wife has been having prolonged bleeding, okay? And she started taking progesterone. So the progesterone, 2.5 milligrams has helped cut the bleeding off, but when she stops taking the progesterone, the bleeding continues. So now the. Because they found something in the ultrasound, they want to do a hysteroscopy. And what is a cutteridge? Endometrial curettage.

[Speaker B]: Right? Yeah, curettage. But they.

[Speaker C]: And I know, And I know Dr. P recommends thyroid, but let's say they do find something, some abnormal cells. What would, you know, be the next step to really reverse this?

[Speaker B]: Well, I guess first things first. Let's just clarify. You said she was given progesterone. Is it actual progesterone or is it a progestin? Do you know what type of progesterone it is?

[Speaker C]: All I know, it says meth ME T, H, Progesterone. So it's prescribed. I didn't actually read the ingredients.

[Speaker B]: Okay, Dr. P, what about meth pro. I'm not sure about meth progesterone. And the patients, the wife of the person, the caller getting bleeding, that was him. To be controlled by it.

[Speaker D]: But then what was the dose of progesterone?

[Speaker B]: 2.5 mg. Was that once a day or.

[Speaker D]: Yeah, that can't be real progesterone. Progesterone wouldn't do anything. Right.

[Speaker B]: So are you sure that that dose was 2.5 milligrams?

[Speaker C]: Yeah, yeah, correct. Because she was on 10 milligrams a few. Few days ago. Right, right. And it just was giving her headaches. And I mean, it did cut the bleeding like it got lighter. But the symptoms, the side effects of the prescribed 10 milligram progesterone, just too strong.

[Speaker B]: Has she. Has she gotten hold of any natural progesterone?

[Speaker C]: No, we never tried down. That's the thing. She's never. I mean, the diet is pretty clean, but other. She's never tried the thyroid. She's never tried the natural progesti you guys recommend.

[Speaker B]: Okay.

[Speaker C]: And it's kind of hard to get her to, you know, get into the rhythm of doing those supplements, but I'm wondering if. What Dr. Pete thinks if, if, you know, the growth is abnormal cells, because they'll give her the results.

[Speaker B]: Yeah.

[Speaker C]: And does he recommend that she takes those tests?

[Speaker B]: Well, if she's. Yeah, if she's got endometriosis and she's got an uncontrolled estrogen dominant physiology, if they're talking about a hysterectomy, I would definitely advise against a hysterectomy, because unless she's really exhausted natural progesterone as a means to counteract the estrogen dominance that she's almost certainly got because of her endometriosis, then you need to rule that out first. So.

[Speaker D]: And the function of thyroid is to increase natural progesterone production while decreasing estrogen. And so it has a very high success rate in endometriosis because that is caused by a thyroid deficiency with estrogen excess. I've known several people who, on the very first day of starting to correct their thyroid function, their symptoms disappeared. And for a few months, I was keeping track of, I think it was 36 women who were told they needed a biopsy or partial hysterectomy because abnormal cells. And within a month of using supplements including thyroid, every One of those 36 women went back and they could find no evidence of abnormal cells.

[Speaker C]: Oh, wow.

[Speaker D]: And.

[Speaker C]: But the thyroid should be like, you guys, I've heard you mention when, you know, getting a sinoplast from Mexico, or is there a desiccated thyroid that we could find in the market that will be, you know, pretty well tolerated?

[Speaker D]: Yeah, yeah. But one thing to keep in mind is that the T4 is a stabilizing Influence that has a half life in the body of about two weeks. And so if you try to get the quick effect with the T4 containing armor, thyroid or phenol plus, you're going to have good effect immediately, but then you'll overdose. Doing it for about four or five days, you'll run up against an excessive thyroid.

[Speaker C]: Okay, so Dr. P, you don't recommend.

[Speaker B]: She.

[Speaker C]: What about the hysteroscopy though, to like kind of diagnose and the biopsy? Are you not in favor of those things or. I mean, what would be your advice if the doctor does want to do the hysteroscopy?

[Speaker D]: Well, to see if the signs of too much bleeding, pain, endometriosis symptoms. If you can stop that very quickly with combination of the right hormone, thyroid and progesterone. If you can stop the symptoms quickly, then within a couple of weeks the abnormal cells will probably have been normalized or shed.

[Speaker C]: Right, right. Because they're just the abnormal cells. The size is about. They're about 3 millimeters. But I mean, I guess she has to make a choice if she does want to go ahead and just give the diagnose that. But I thank you guys for your time. Also, thanks for answering the emails. I know you guys are bombed with emails, so I appreciate it.

[Speaker A]: Stay on. Hey, fellow, please stay on for a second there. We have another caller here who has some experience with your issue or your wife's issue. Caller, you're on as well.

[Speaker E]: Okay. Hi. I wanted to tell you that I had a similar situation five years ago and I went into the hospital with it and I used progest, the progest tea, the kind that Ray recommends and Phenol plus and Spider Mel. And as soon as I got my T3 up, the bleeding stopped. And I continue to this day to use progesterone. They wanted to do a hysterectomy. Then they gave me drugs that stopped the bleeding, which created blood clots. Then they said, oh, we'll do radiation and we'll do all these things. And I said no, you know, I could.

[Speaker C]: You're not as clear. I wish I could hear you clear and have a. Maybe a way to put a comment or email you. I can't hear clearly.

[Speaker A]: Hey, both of you, I will take you. We'll go back to the, to the show and I will have both of you on and I will get your information and pass it to each other. Okay. So yeah, just stay on the line. Okay.

[Speaker C]: Okay, thank you.

[Speaker B]: Okay, great. All right, well, that was fortuitous. Great. Okay. So Dr. Pete, you're with us. You're still with us, right?

[Speaker D]: What was that?

[Speaker B]: That's okay. I think there was another caller, female caller called in who said she had exactly the same situation and she was quite, quite happy to give the person the what she had done, which is very much what you had already suggested. But so I think the two people are going to talk face to face or personally. Well, not face to face obviously, but I think they're so far away. Okay, so you're listening to ask Europe, Dr. KMD Galvapool 91.1 FM from now until 8:00 clock. You invited to call in number 7079-2339-1170-7923-3911. Dr. Raymond Pete, our guest speaker. So, Dr. Pete, I guess let's kind of move on. I think I just want to just basically wrap up.

[Speaker D]: I had one more comment about the Barbara McClintock not getting any recognition, being silenced for 20 or 30 years. Finally, when Monsanto was running into the reality that the process is very deadly, much causes much more harm than benefit except to their profits, they decided they needed some kind of propaganda. And to say that Barbara McClintock had demonstrated that plants use genetic engineering shows that that's a perfectly natural thing. So if the plants could do it on their own, it must be just as safe if Monsanto does it, which is a total misunderstanding of what biology is.

[Speaker B]: Oh my gosh. Okay. Well, I can hardly believe that in terms of hearing it the way that you said that for sure. But I really ties into the fact that the, the whole GMO thing. I know everybody here probably in Humboldt county was totally against it. I think it was 22. I think I still got the T shirt, the gosh, what was it? Some GMO initiative that we were funding and was an anti gmo, anti Monsanto. We don't want your genetically engineered seeds here. Thanks. After farmers all over the world were getting super by Monsanto because some of their corn had GMO corn present because of, you know, biological life transmitting and transferring, you know, genetic information from the pot, the stamens of one flower, flowering corn into a neighboring organic corn. And you know, there's very, a lot of cases of small farmers put out of business by Monsanto's lawsuits against them. And I think actually now, and quote me folks, if I'm not right, but I think actually now Monsanto do have patents on what was considered unpatentable material because it's biological. That was one of the big one of the Big kind of court cases was how can you. How can you possibly put a patent on naturally occurring compounds like plants and food?

[Speaker A]: The virologists have patented all these segments of viral genomes so that if it's potentially a pandemic in the future, which has this little bit of a genome in it, then they can get a patent on the vaccine to it.

[Speaker B]: Yep. And we covered all of that in a previous show about all the data surrounding the patents that have been issued since the beginning of 2000, from 2001 and 2 through to the present. And this was all borne out in data that. Robert Malone, inventor of. Inventor. He was the person who did his PhD on MRNA technology. He was the person who bought this out, that all the patents that were issued and initially were not allowed because of the quote, unquote, you know, inadmissibility of it, because it was just not in the remit of the patent office to do this. Slowly but surely they started getting patents granted. And it was the. It was the professor. He's a professor or doctor. And actually, I've not got his name on the tip of my tongue. Dr. P. I remember you might have his name. Who was the patent office. He was basically scanning all the patents that were being issued, and he's basically got a huge database again of all the companies that were issued patents on coronaviruses and other viruses. And it's all part of a big plan to secure the rights to these things.

[Speaker D]: David Martin.

[Speaker B]: That's it. David Martin. Thank you. So we did a show on that, and that's all very clear and obvious. Okay. So I guess to wrap up the transhumanism things, people just need to have a listen to this data again on the audio archives.

[Speaker A]: And I want. Someone just texted me something. They reminded me, want to give a shout out to the late Stephanie Galboy, who was a great.

[Speaker B]: Oh, no way late.

[Speaker A]: Yes, she died. She was killed in Redway a few years ago. But she was a great, great fighter against the GMO issue and we have her to thank.

[Speaker B]: Okay, well. Yeah, God bless you, Stephanie. I didn't even know that I'd not heard. Okay, so the. The wrapping up of the. The wrapping up of. Right way. It's not wrapped up. It's still ongoing, but Reiner Formick. And again, I want to quote this. Or just reinstate the fact that law is law for a reason. Right. We all need. I'm not saying I'm a big legalist by any means. We need a law, you know, so that there is a recourse for people who do things that we all don't collectively agree as a society should be allowed, like murdering people and raping people and, you know, all of those things that we need laws for. So we can't have a lawless society because I don't think that's ever going to work. Because, because not one of us is good. Right? It's just the way it is. All of us to some degree or another, have intents that are not quote unquote, good. I'm not saying that we're all bad either, so don't quote me out of, out of context. But we need a law to be living by. And that's the whole point of our Constitution. Our Constitution was founded by the framers here that came and, and fled the tyranny in Europe and the overarching laws which were not just. And they came here and provided their own system in the Constitution and the Bill of Rights to have a free and open society with a constitution that protected people and gave us all inalienable rights to the pursuit of life, liberty and happiness. So I think we have a caller. So before I carry on with any more of that, let's take the next Good evening. Hi, you're on the air where you're from. Hello, you're on the air where you're from. What's your question? I'm from Shelter Cove.

[Speaker E]: I'd like to mention that vitamin D.

[Speaker B]: Is extremely important for women as they enter menopause. It's extremely important for women, period. I had a low, low, low, low.

[Speaker C]: Low, low, low, low, low, low, low.

[Speaker E]: Low vitamin D levels down to 16, 16.

[Speaker C]: That's.

[Speaker B]: Community to diagnose my Hashimoto's hypothyroidism.

[Speaker C]: And I'm not crazy.

[Speaker B]: Okay. And I'd also like to ask. Okay, well, I totally agree with what you said there. Vitamin D deficiency is rampant, just probably worldwide. I know definitely in the States here there are lots and lots of people whose labs show very deficient vitamin D and they have increased the reference range for vitamin D D to take account of the fact that people are pretty much deficient and how useful it is, especially for calcium metabolism and for its antiviral, immune stimulating, anti cancer benefit, amongst many other things that vitamin D does. And so yeah, make sure you folks, you're not just going to get it from the sun because it's just not the way it is. And so most people are deficient. And a good vitamin d supplement of 5,000 IU a day should, should get most people into a fairly good range. Okay, so Dr. P, patient, Dr. Relationship again, it's another sign of the times. But I'd love your comment on it. The I found out the California Miss California, folks. I don't know what it is about California. I'm not bashing it. I love California. I love, I think the environment is beautiful. But some of the, you know, he's always talked about the California fruits and nuts and, but it also talked about California where the great things started, the great movement started and the great change happened. You know, so it's all good until it's not good. Okay, so California Assembly Bill 2098, folks. And it's out of our hands because it's up. It's down to our senators, our legislators, and it's not a voting issue. The California Assembly Bill 2098 would make and it's going through the assembly right now and it doesn't look as though it's going to get stopped. It seems to have full Democratic support would make it easy and easier for the Medical Board of California to discipline Doctors who promote COVID19 misinformation by classifying it as unprofessional conduct. So let's just think about that Covid misinformation. So anything that is, anything which does not conform to government guidelines issued as scientific fact when evidence exists, which as scientific fact itself completely refutes all claims made by government mandates. So think about that folks. You talk about free speech. I talked about open debate. Open debate is critical to a free and functioning society. We need to hear everybody's point of view, folks. It's not one side. I don't want to give a one sided view of things. And it might come across that sometimes because of the COVID debate and everything that's happened as a result of it, because there's plenty of scientific evidence to show. There is a very different picture to be told and a very different story to be told. And that's why people like Reiner Folmick and the German Corona Committee are going at it through the legal channels because the law gives impartial hearings to the case. So weighing in or with scientific people, people that whose entire lives are based on the subject they're talking on with evidence, written and documented evidence in a court of law is the only way that progress will get made. Obviously you've got to think about whether or not the courts are biased or the, you know, the Supremes, for example, are biased. But when you go that far and you don't get the righteous judgment being issued, then you know, there's something wrong. So the lawsuit that's being formed by Reiner Formick and his other lawyers and other professionals and they're not the only people, not just in Germany, but around the world, in Australia and other countries, there are groups that are legally taking up this challenge to show that what's been done has been completely unconstitutional and needs address now. Otherwise it's not going to stop. So for those people who think it's all fun and groovy and that it's a great thing what we've gone through and it was for our benefit, I'd really ask you the question. Question yourself and look at, look at the data and see what's happened and see just how many people have suffered as a result of this quote unquote experiment that's gone on. So Doctor Patient Confidentiality and Assembly Bill 2098 will basically make it illegal for a doctor to use his professional judgment folks as your doctor. Their professional judgment having qualified and passed the bar and entered the field of being a doctor, talking to a patient in complete confidentiality, not disclosing anything that has been told to him or her about the subject being consulted, that that doctor actually now will have legal ramifications to answer to if they don't toe the party line. And it's becoming a very socialist term in terms of the party line. And I'm definitely not one to want misinformation and disinformation and lies to be propagated and I want open debate and scientific debate and verifiable results. And I want the truth to come out, always have done. But doctor, Dr. Pete, patient doctor consultation and privacy and California Assembly Bill 2098. What do you think of that?

[Speaker D]: Until just recently the medical licensing system has been used to exclude alternate theories of medicine. Chiropractic, homeopathy, all the alternative old fashioned herbal therapies. These were controlled by the powers of medical monopoly and the doctors were fine with that. But now the government has decided that they don't have even the power to define what their own monopoly believes and does. And the government has taken away that autonomy. Really they shouldn't have had such powerful control over finding who is a physician. But now they are lost everything along with the power to deal with privately with a patient. And now the government is the final and only word on what constitutes medicine.

[Speaker B]: Unbelievable. Okay, I have another, another point that I think we'll get through.

[Speaker D]: Again.

[Speaker B]: It's on the same kind of, the same kind of topic folk, the Ministry of Truth. I think we've all probably heard in the last week or so, so the last couple of weeks, the Ministry of Truth that our current administration is bringing into power to make sure that we're not misinformed or fed lies or disinformation. And you know, I don't know, I don't know how, but maybe people that are listening to this think that this is disinformation somehow. But the Ministry of Truth, the Department of Homeland Security, has announced the formation of the Disinformation Government's board. So the Disinformation Governance Board, the dgb.

[Speaker A]: They actually, they put it on pause.

[Speaker B]: Yes, they did. You've preempted and you've jumped the gun, engineer. You shouldn't do that. So the dgb, so it's a little bit like the kgb, right? But it's the dgb, yes, it has been dissolved, but I think unfortunately it's going to morph into something else because I think it was too in your face. I think it caused too much of reaction. So I'm sure there'll be some other covert way of bringing this thing to pass because I believe that it is in the interest of the current administration to make sure that they have full control of everything that's said and taught, etc. Etc. So Dr. Pete. Yeah, they put that on hold. But another Ministry of Truth is probably going to exist at some point in time.

[Speaker D]: Yeah, yeah. But the government had been working directly through the giant organizations like Facebook and Wiki. Yeah, Wikipedia and the social interacting group, they simply gave orders. The companies were created by funding coming from the Pentagon and so they've been committed all along to cooperating with the government. But the canceling of or censorship of messages, thousands and thousands of accounts are being closed by the recommendation of the government. So they don't really need a formal agent to do what they've been doing all along.

[Speaker B]: Okay, well it's 7:56 here, almost three minutes to the hour. Dr. P, thank you so much for joining us.

[Speaker D]: Okay, thank you.

[Speaker B]: Okay, so we didn't get to the end of everything that I wanted to discuss, but I appreciate the callers that called in and Dr. Raymond Pete, his, he can be accessed, his information, his scientific and. Yeah, yeah, referenced, you know, fully referenced. What he writes on his website and he's written in his papers is fully referenced. So it's not just his opinion. Www.raypeat r a Y-P-E-A-T.com I wanted to get into the subject of the baby milk formula crisis, but we'll have to address that next month, hopefully. Anyway, it may actually be a good thing. I don't want to be flippant or inflammatory in any way, but essentially contains a lot of things that Dr. Pete would totally disagree with, like the N minus 3 omega oils. And it also brings into question why mothers should not be doing what mothers do when they give birth. I know there are some mothers who are unable and obviously that is complete in utter reason to want to supplement. But we'll talk about that and then artificial meat and meat replacements and why we want to just turn against everything that we were traditionally doing. Because folks, it all wants to go into a non natural direction. And whilst sustainable development and green economics may sound like a good thing, when you look at the central banks behind it and you look into it a little deeper, folks, don't be, don't be guiled by it because actually it's a weapon that's really going to be used against people's freedom. So my name is Andrew Murray and we can be reached@westernbotanicalmedicine.com until June 2022 and it'll be round about midsummer. I wish you a great spring and speak to you then. Good night.

[Speaker A]: I'll let you know that the Owens Fire broke out south of Point arena on the Mendocino coast around 3pm as of 7:45, the Owens Fire has grown to 30 acres. It's about 5% contained. Resources will remain on the scene overnight. Highway 1 remains closed in that region and traffic is backing up. Mandatory evacuation orders remain in place for residents on Owens Road. Sorry Bill. Owens Road and Schooner Gulch road to Highway 1. The best evacuation route is east to 10 Mile Cutoff Road. About 60 residents are impacted. More updates on this fire can be readily found at www.mendo. ready and Shaka will have updates as they are sent to him by our news team. Thank you so much for listening. The next sounds you will hear will be the dulcet tones of Shaka.

[Speaker D]: Yeah, we'll be back in a minute.

---

*Generated with Transcribr - AI-powered podcast transcription with assemblyai speaker diarization*
